when people talk about modern C++
they're often referring to the C++ 11
release which introduced a whole range
of new features into the programming
language move semantics very attic
templates initializer lists the auto
keyword lambda expressions null pointer
constant expression range based for
loops and smart pointers all came into
the C++ programming language as part of
C++ 11 and change the language
dramatically C++ 14 was a relatively
minor release and C++ 17 was a major
release although not as big as the C++
11 release C++ 17 includes standard file
system within the standard library
standard string view parallel
implementations of many of the standard
library algorithms in inline variables
C++ 20 is scheduled as a minor release
but will contain concepts which are an
important tool for improving generic
programming with templates in C++